# v1.0

### Features

- Added mobile-friendly navigation panel for screen widths below 960px. At these widths the navigation links in the standard navigation bar will not render (instead rendered inside the mobile panel), and will be replaced with a menu button to toggle the mobile panel.
- Added error messaging service.
- 'Add Games' search results now include a link to each game's page.
- Users can now change their password.
- Users can now request a password reset link if they have forgotten their password.
- Emails are sent to users when they change their password, notifying them of the change, and offering a route to resetting their password if they were not responsible.
- Games can now be removed from the user's collection from the game's page.
- User collection results now default to their 30 most recently added games across all platforms. Filters have been added to filter results by collection size (recently added, all) and by platform (dynamically generated to cover all platforms in the user's collection).
- Collection results now display a result count.
- Platforms owned can now be edited within the respective game's page.

### Improvements

- Improved progress indicators when loading resources.
- Performance improvements.
- The application now has an official name and domain (mygamechest.com).
- Added icons to navigation links for added readability.
- Box art now appears in full, without being cropped.

### Bug fixes

- If the server restarts, a logged in user is no longer trapped in a logged in state despite requesting logout.

### Known issues

- For the time being, the app's email provider is a free tier Gmail account, so it has limited emails per day it can send (400/day). Some testing has shown these emails may be filtered into the user's spam folder.
